- 👋 Hi, I’m @Raymond-YZ and I graduated from the University of California, Santa Cruz where I received a B.S. in Computer Science. During my time in university, I had the pleasure of working with different development teams on web and software applications while implementing Scrum practices. These experiences have led me to an interest mostly in front-end development and user experience.
- Aside from projects, I am very customer-driven and love to interact with customers at a personal level. My time in student organizations and previous jobs have taught me how to lead by example, compromise with civility, and be willing to try something new even if it does not always lead to immediate success. One of my biggest accomplishments as a student leader comes from my time as a Banquet Coordinator for the Chinese Student Association, where we used social media to create an online banquet and raise donations for the San Francisco Chinatown community during the height of the pandemic.
- 👀 I’m interested in gaming/esports and swimming. I used to swim competitively for 9 years and have been competiting in esports (CS:GO and VALORANT) for the last 4 years! During my time in esports, my CS:GO team won the inaugural season of North American Collegiate Counter-Strike league in May 2020 and even founded our university's VALORANT roster. With my experience in both esports, my main goal is to create an application dedicated to help players analyze playstyles depending on maps in these games.
- Currently, I am seeking a full-time job in the front-end and software engineering fields where I can thrive in a team-oriented environment. Feel free to contact me at raylee@ucsc.edu for further inquiries.

<!---
Raymond-YZ/Raymond-YZ is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
